= README
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
=== Important files:

- *app/assets/views/pages/index.html.erb:* HTML file for the index page where the form lives.
- *app/assets/stylesheets/stylesheet.scss:* CSS file for styling pages.
- *app/assets/javascripts/script.js:* JavaScript file that handles the animation (showing/hiding) for the HTML form.
- *app/javascripts/form-handler.js:* JavaScript file that grabs all of the user input and creates the custom report at the bottom of the page.
- *app/assets/controllers/pages_controller.rb:* Ruby file that renders the HTML pages to the browser.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
=== How to make changes:

- If you haven't already, fork this repo to your GitHub account and clone it to your computer.
- Do a <tt>git pull</tt> command to make sure that your branch is up-to-date. 
- Checkout a new feature branch with the command <tt>git checkout -b BRANCH_NAME</tt>.
- Make the desired changes.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
=== How to push changes:

- Stage the files for commitment with <tt>git add FILE_NAME</tt>.
  * You can stage multiple files at once with <tt>git add FILE_NAME_1 FILE_NAME_2</tt>
  * You can stage all files at once with <tt>git add .</tt>
- Commit the files with <tt>git commit -m "YOUR MESSAGE"</tt>.
- Push the changes to Github with <tt>git push origin BRANCH_NAME</tt>.
- Create a new pull request in GitHub to merge the feature branch with the master branch.
- Once the two branches are merged, checkout to the master branch and do a <tt>git pull</tt> request.
- Push the changes to Heroku with <tt>git push heroku master</tt>.
- Check {the website}[https://riseinteractive-analyticsteam.herokuapp.com/] to make sure that the changes were deployed.
